test: add new integration test utility (#764)
oracle/macaron: tests/integration/README.md

    - --skip-deps
- name: Compare analysis report
  kind: compare
  options:
    kind: analysis_report
    result: output/reports/maven/apache/maven/maven.json
    expected: analysis_report.json
```

Each test config file has a description at the top telling what the test case is about, and a sequence of steps to be executed. The execution of a test case stops whenever a step fails (i.e. exits with non-zero code, by default). In the example above, there are 2 steps: (1) run the `macaron analyze` command, and (2) compare a JSON analysis report with the corresponding expected result file. Note that all steps are executed with the test case directory being the current working directory. Therefore, all filepaths in the test config file are relative to the test case directory.

## Example Usages

### Create a new test case

You create a new test case by creating a new directory, then a `test.yaml` within it. To schema-validate the `test.yaml` file, you can use the `check` command and point to the test case directory:

```bash
# Schema-validate the ./test/case/directory/test.yaml file.
$ python3 ./tests/integration/run.py check ./test/case/directory
```

> At this point, some expected result files does not exist yet, since you normally want to run `macaron` once, inspect the result files, then turn them to expected result files if they look good. To do this, you can run in **interactive** mode. In this mode, the utility stops at each steps and ask if you want to run or skip a step. For compare steps, the utility also ask if you want to "update" the expected result file instead of compare.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
At this point, some expected result files does not exist yet, since you normally want to run `macaron` once, inspect the result files, then turn them to expected result files if they look good. To do this, you can run in **interactive** mode. In this mode, the utility stops at each steps and ask if you want to run or skip a step. For `compare` steps, the utility also ask if you want to "update" the expected result file instead of compare.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, some expected result files do not exist yet, since you normally want to run `macaron` once, inspect the result files, then turn them into expected result files if they look good enough. To do this, you can run in **interactive** mode. In this mode, the utility stops at each step and asks if you want to run or skip a step. For `compare` steps, the utility also asks if you want to "update" the expected result file instead of compare.
```

Author: Thanks a lot. Fixed in 0a816d8dd918b77837b5c4e48cde4f689a37b630.

```bash
# Test the container image with test cases having the `docker` tag.
$ python3 ./tests/integration/run.py run --include-tag docker ./all/cases/...
```

The `--include-tag` flag can be specified multiple times. A selected test case must contain all tags specified with the `--include-tag` flag.

```bash
# Test the container image with test cases having the `docker` tag.
$ python3 ./tests/integration/run.py run --include-tag tag-a --include-tag tag-b ./all/cases/...
```

There is also the `--exclude-tag` flag. A selected test case must also not contain any tag specified with the `--exclude-tag` flag.

```bash
# Only run test cases not tagged with `npm`.
$ python3 ./tests/integration/run.py run --exclude-tag npm ./all/cases/...
```

You can simply think of each `--include-tag`/`--exclude-tag` argument as adding an additional constraint that a selected test case must satisfy".

### Debug utility script

> In case you want to debug the utility script itself, there is the verbose mode for all commands which can be enabled with the `-v/--verbose` flag.

Reviewer: nit: we can also mention that `-v/--verbose` flag is provided after the command name, not before.
- `python3 tests/integration/run.py vet -v ...` :heavy_check_mark: 
- `python3 tests/integration/run.py -v vet ...` :x:

Author: I am probably not fixing this unless there is any other objection. The `--verbose` flag here is a subcommand-specific option and this is not a super abnormal behavior in general. Users should also utilize the help menu with `-h` in the command line for detailed usage, which already covers the available options under each subcommand.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. We can leave it as it is.

## Test Config Reference

### Test case Schema

* `description` (`string`, required): The description of the test case.

> * `tags` (`array[string]`, optional, default is `[]`): The tags of the test case. When the `--tag <tag>` argument is passed with the `run` command , only run test cases having the tag `<tag>`. (The `--tag` argument is typically used in combination with test case discovery using the `...` wildcard).

Reviewer: I think `--tag` flag is not currently available for any command. Perhaps this hasn't been updated to the latest `--include-tag` and `--exclude-tag` flags.

Author: This is correct. I previously had `--include-tag` as `--tag`.

Author: Fixed in a9fb833b679adc0d7ff797622561375ea451c692.

> * `steps` (`array[string]`, required): The list of steps in a test case. Steps in a test case are executed sequentially. A test case stops execution and fails if any command fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `steps` (`array[maps]`, required): The list of steps in a test case. Steps in a test case are executed sequentially. A test case stops execution and fails if any command fails.
```

Author: Fixed in 04815dcdb782165e4912be6d7cd00687da348786.
